{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13860\viewh16280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 project outline:\
0. Make a swagger title page (done, but eventually move our names off the front page- we don\'92t deserve it)\
1. Format all of the footnotes. (Done for the whole text, with possibly a couple of exceptions which will be caught during equation tex\'92ing)\
2. Get the text to compile in pdflatex (this is done for the first half, and should be nearly done for the second half, but I have left it commented for now)\
3. Label all of the equations so that all parenthesized numbers should reference the equations within the text (done for 461/700 equations so far)\
4. Write a script to replace all parenthesized numbers left in the .tex document with \\ref\{number\}, properly referencing all equations in the document, run it with version control (basically don\'92t mess up the doc by overwriting) (DONE)\
5. Run a spell check on everything to efficiently catch as many misspells as possible\
\
These next steps are most properly done in parallel, as they involve reading the text and visually comparing it to the tex results (oh god, this will take a while):\
6. Go through and latex out all of the equations  ( done for the first 461 equations)\
7. Match the formatting of the text to the of the original document (again, done through the first 461 eqs)\
8. Check for OCR errors in the text. (DONE)\
9. Array eq. 38   (DONE)\
10. Array eq. 43 (DONE)\
11. Fix all \'93see page\'94 references (search for \'93page\'94 and manually match to the appropriate discussion)\
12. Go back to pages 152/153 and figure out how that footnote works. (DONE)\
13. Replace all \'93- -\'93 symbols (no space) with the latex long dash.  (not done, must be done manually)\
14. Replace all the superscripted \\epsilon^S (and \\eta^S, m_1^S, m_2^S) with the \\mathbf version, i.e. \\epsilon^\{\\mathbf\{S\}\}\
Maybe do:\
12. Make vector versions of Gibbs\'92 figures? Mike G is not sure about whether this should be done and will seek feedback.\
\
\
}